{\rtf1\ansi \deff7\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f1\froman\fcharset2\fprq2 Symbol;}{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}{\f11\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext0 Emphasized;}{\s16\nowidctlpar \f7\fs28\cf13 \sbasedon0\snext0 Topic Heading;}{\s17\nowidctlpar \b\f7\cf13 \sbasedon0\snext0 Paragraph Title;}{\s18\fi-274\li274\nowidctlpar\tx274 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Bullet 1;}{
\s19\fi-547\li547\nowidctlpar\tx547 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Hanging Indent 1;}{\s20\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrth\brdrw15 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 Horizontal Rule;}{\s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext21 footnote text;}{\*\cs22 \additive\super 
\sbasedon10 footnote reference;}}{\info{\title GNU_CPP.Rtf}{\author The Help Magician}{\operator Grmpf}{\creatim\yr1999\mo6\dy17\hr15\min32}{\revtim\yr1999\mo6\dy25\hr17\min8}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages0}{\nofwords0}{\nofchars0}{\vern49213}}
\margl0\margr0\margt0\margb0 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphhotz425\hyphcaps0\formshade \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709\endnhere {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\keepn\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\b\i\f4\fs40\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super #} Gnu_Index}${\footnote \pard\plain \keepn\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super $} {\f4 GNU-C++ Compiler-PlugIn for Pow!}}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super K} Index}}{\b\i\f4\fs40  
\par }\pard \qc\keepn {\b\f4\fs48 GNU C++ Compiler-PlugIn for Pow!
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f4\fs24 
\par 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\strike\f4\fs28 1. First Steps}{\v\f4\fs28 First_Steps}{\f4\fs28 
\par }{\strike\f4\fs28 2. Directory Options}{\v\f4\fs28 Directory_Options}{\f4\fs28 
\par }{\strike\f4\fs28 3. Compiler Options}{\v\f4\fs28 Compiler_Options}{\f4\fs28\cf1 
\par }{\strike\f4\fs28 4. Linker Options}{\v\f4\fs28 Linker_Options}{\f4\fs28 
\par }{\strike\f4\fs28 5. Linking and Creating Dynamic Link Libraries}{\v\f4\fs28 DLL}{\f4\fs28 
\par }{\strike\f4\fs28 6. Known Errors and Limitations}{\v\f4\fs28 Error}{\f4\fs28 
\par }\pard \keepn {\f4\fs24 \page }{\cs22\f4\cf1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super #} First_Steps}${\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super $} First Steps}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar 
\f7\fs20 {\cs22\super K} First Steps}}{\f4\cf1  
\par }{\b\f4\fs40\cf1 First Steps
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f4\fs22 
\par This PlugIn uses the Minimalist GNU-Win 32 Compiler (MingW32), which is a special GNU-C++ version for native WIN32 - C/C++ programming only. 
\par 
\par First of all follow this 5 steps:
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-284\li284\nowidctlpar\tx284 {\f4\fs22 1.\tab Download the GNU-C++ Compiler from: http://agnes.dida.physik.uni-essen.de/~janjaap/mingw32/download.html. Be sure to get the following components:
\par }\pard \fi-283\li567\nowidctlpar\tx567 {\f4\fs22 -\tab GCC 2.8.1
\par -\tab Binutils
\par -\tab Mingw32
\par -\tab Windows32api
\par - \tab libstdc++ 2.8.1
\par }\pard \fi-284\li284\nowidctlpar\tx284 {\f4\fs22 2.\tab Unzip all the .zip-files into }{\b\f4\fs22\ul one}{\f4\fs22  directory (e.g.: "C:\\MingW32").
\par 3.\tab Start POW!}{\i\f4\fs22 
\par }{\f4\fs22 4.\tab Select GNU C++ under }{\b\f4\fs22 Options-Preferences-Compiler}{\i\f4\fs22 
\par }{\f4\fs22 5.\tab Configure the PlugIn: go to }{\strike\f4\fs22 Directory Options.}{\i\v\f4\fs22 Directory_Options}{\i\f4\fs22 
\par }\pard \keepn\nowidctlpar {\b\i\f4\cf1 \page }{\cs22\b\i\f4\cf1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super #} Directory_Options}${\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super $} Directory Options}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super K} Directory Options}}{\b\i\f4\cf1  
\par }{\b\f4\fs40 Directory Options
\par }\pard {\b\f4\cf1 
\par }\pard \fi-709\li709\tx709 {\b\f4\fs22\cf1 Note:}{\f4\fs22\cf1 \tab 
You should change the Directory Options only the first time you use this PlugIn or you moved the GNU-C++ Compiler to another directory. Otherwise, changes made in this dialog can lead to a malfunction of the GNU-C++ Compiler.
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par Select }{\i\f4\fs22\cf1 Options}{\f4\fs22\cf1  in the menu bar, then}{\i\f4\fs22\cf1  Directories...}{\f4\fs22\cf1  Now you have to specify some directories:
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-2333\li2333 {\b\f4\fs22\cf1 Home}{\f4\fs22\cf1 :
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\cf1 This is the directory where you installed (unzipped) all the compiler files into. Example: You installed your Compiler to  }{\i\f4\fs22\cf1 "C:\\MingW32"}{\f4\fs22\cf1 , in the field }{\i\f4\fs22\cf1 Home}{\b\f4\fs22\cf1  }{
\f4\fs22\cf1 you should enter: }{\i\f4\fs22\cf1 "C:\\MingW32"
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }{\b\f4\fs22\cf1 C Include:
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\cf1 This is where the Compiler searches for C-Include Files. Usually this path is like}{\i\f4\fs22\cf1  "Home Directory\\include"}{\f4\fs22\cf1 . For example: You installed your Compiler to}{\i\f4\fs22\cf1  "C:\\MingW32"}{
\f4\fs22\cf1 , the}{\b\i\f4\fs22\cf1  }{\i\f4\fs22\cf1 C Include Path }{\f4\fs22\cf1 should then be }{\i\f4\fs22\cf1 "C:\\MingW32\\include"}{\f4\fs22\cf1 .
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }{\b\i\f4\fs22\cf1 C++ Include:
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\cf1 This is where the Compiler searches for C++-Include Files. Usually this path is like}{\i\f4\fs22\cf1  "Home Directory\\include\\g++;Home Directory\\include" }{\f4\fs22\cf1 
(note that there are two paths - one for C-Includes and one for C++-Includes). Example: You installed your Compiler to}{\i\f4\fs22\cf1  "C:\\MingW32"}{\f4\fs22\cf1 , the }{\i\f4\fs22\cf1 C++ Include Path}{\f4\fs22\cf1  should then be }{\i\f4\fs22\cf1 "C:
\\MingW32\\include\\g++;C:\\MingW32\\include"}{\f4\fs22\cf1 .
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }{\b\f4\fs22\cf1 Lib:
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\cf1 This is where the Compiler searches for Library Files which are linked with your source. Usually this path is like}{\i\f4\fs22\cf1  "Home Directory\\lib"}{\f4\fs22\cf1 . For example: You installed your Compiler to}{
\i\f4\fs22\cf1  "C:\\MingW32"}{\f4\fs22\cf1  the }{\b\i\f4\fs22\cf1 Lib Directory}{\f4\fs22\cf1  should then be }{\i\f4\fs22\cf1 "C:\\MingW32\\lib"}{\f4\fs22\cf1 .
\par }{\f4\cf1 
\par 
\par }\pard \keepn {\f4\cf1 \page }{\cs22\f4\cf1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super #} Compiler_Options}${\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super $} Compiler Options}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super K} Compiler Options}}{\f4\cf1  
\par }{\b\f4\fs40\cf1 Compiler Options}{\b\f4\fs40 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f4\fs22 
\par Select }{\i\f4\fs22 Options}{\f4\fs22  in the menu then }{\i\f4\fs22 Compiler Options}{\f4\fs22 . Here you can specify certain features for the compiling process. 
\par 
\par }{\b\f4\fs22 General Options
\par }{\b\i\f4\fs22 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Create debug information:
\par }{\i\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Activate this option to create information which is necessary if you want to use a debugger. Note: This option activated will produce more code, means your programs will need more disk space.
\par }{\i\f4\fs22\ul Compiler Option:}{\f4\fs22  See "-g" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.
\par }{\b\i\f4\fs22 
\par }{\b\f4\fs22 General profile information:
\par }{\i\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  This option is used to create extra information needed by analysis programs (profilers, e.g. "gprof" ). Note: This option will  lead to bigger programs.
\par }{\i\f4\fs22\ul Compiler Option:}{\f4\fs22  See "-pg" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.
\par }{\b\i\f4\fs22 
\par }{\b\f4\fs22 Support all ANSI C programs:
\par }{\i\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  This option turns off some features which are available with the GNU-C compiler but are not ANSI-norm. Enabling of the ANSI trigraph feature, disallowing of the
 dollar sign symbol ($) within identifiers and disabling double forward-slash-comments (//) are a few of them.
\par }{\i\f4\fs22\ul Compiler Option:}{\f4\fs22  See "-ansi" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Warnings
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Check only syntax errors:
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Code is checked for syntax errors, but nothing else is done.}{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Compiler Option: }{\f4\fs22 See "-fsyntax-only" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.}{\i\f4\fs22\ul 
\par }{\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Warn, if not standard ANSI C
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Issue all the warnings demanded by strict ANSI standard C, reject all programs that use forbidden extensions.}{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Compiler Option: }{\f4\fs22 See "-pedantic" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.}{\i\f4\fs22\ul 
\par }{\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Error, if not standard ANSI C
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Same functionality as }{\b\i\f4\fs22 \ldblquote Warn, if not standard ANSI C\rdblquote }{\f4\fs22 , but produces errors instead of warnings.}{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Compiler Option: }{\f4\fs22 See "-pedantic-errors" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.}{\i\f4\fs22\ul 
\par }{\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Make all warnings into errors
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Make all warnings into Errors.
\par }{\f4\fs22\ul Compiler Option: }{\f4\fs22 See "-Werrors" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.}{\i\f4\fs22\ul 
\par }{\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Inhibit all warning messages
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Inhibit all warning messages.}{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Compiler Option:}{\f4\fs22  See "-w" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.}{\i\f4\fs22\ul 
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Code Optimization
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 No Optimization
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Do not optimize. Disables all kind of compiler optimization.}{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Compiler Option: }{\f4\fs22 See "-O0" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.}{\i\f4\fs22\ul 
\par }{\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Optimize level 1-3
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Do several optimizations during the compiling process. Note that optimization takes more time and needs more memory while compiling. \ldblquote }{\b\i\f4\fs22 Optimize level 1}{\f4\fs22 \rdblquote 
 does only a few optimization, \ldblquote }{\b\i\f4\fs22 Optimize level 3}{\f4\fs22 \rdblquote  enables all optimizations.
\par }{\f4\fs22\ul Compiler Option:}{\f4\fs22  See "-O1", "-O2" and "-O3" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.}{\i\f4\fs22\ul 
\par }{\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Optimize for size
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Enables all \ldblquote -O2\rdblquote  optimizations that don\rquote t increase code size. Also performs several optimizations to reduce code size.}{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Compiler Option:}{\f4\fs22  See "-Os" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.}{\i\f4\fs22\ul 
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Code Generation
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 i386
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Optimize and generate code for a i386. Note that code compiled with this options will need at least a i386 to be executable.}{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Compiler Option: }{\f4\fs22 See "-mcpu=i386 -march=i386 -m386" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.}{\i\f4\fs22\ul 
\par }{\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 i486
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Optimize and generate code for a i486. Note that code compiled with this options will need at least a i486 to be executable.}{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Compiler Option: }{\f4\fs22 See "-mcpu=i486 -march=i486 -m486" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.}{\i\f4\fs22\ul 
\par }{\b\i\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Pentium
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Optimize and generate code for a Pentium. Note that code compiled with this options will need at least a Pentium to be executable.}{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Compiler Option: }{\f4\fs22 See "-mcpu=i586 -march=pentium -mpentium" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.}{\i\f4\fs22\ul 
\par }{\b\i\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Pentium Pro
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description: }{\f4\fs22 Optimize and generate code for a Pentium Pro. Note that code compiled with this options will need at least a Pentium Pro to be executable.}{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Compiler Option: }{\f4\fs22 See "-mcpu=i686 -march=pentiumpro -mpentiumpro" in the compiler\rquote s help file for exact description.
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 User defined Compiler Options
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22 
\par Enter here additional compiler options. Only for experienced users! 
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22 
\par }\pard \keepn {\b\i\f4\cf1 \page }{\cs22\f4\cf1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super #} Linker_Options}${\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super $} Linker Options}K{\footnote \pard\plain 
\s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super K} Linker Options}}{\f4\cf1  
\par }{\b\f4\fs40\cf1 Linker Options
\par }\pard {\f4\cf1 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f4\fs22 Select }{\b\i\f4\fs22 Options}{\f4\fs22  in the menu then }{\b\i\f4\fs22 Linker Options}{\f4\fs22 . Here you can specify certain features for the compiling process. 
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Link as
\par 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Console Application
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  This is the standard project type. All programs which do not use the GUI should be linked with this option.}{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Linker Option:}{\f4\fs22  No options used.
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Windows GUI
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  If you want to create Windows programs which use the Graphical User Interface (GUI), you must use this option. A set of basic libraries (user32, gdi32, IIRC ad comdlg32) is then linked with your program.}
{\f4\fs22\ul 
\par Linker Option:}{\f4\fs22  Linker option "-mwindows" used here.
\par 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 Dynamic Link Library
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\ul Description:}{\f4\fs22  Check this option if you want to create a DLL (Dynamic Link Library). See also: }{\strike\f4\fs22 Creating and using Dynamic Link Librarys}{\v\f4\fs22 DLL}{\f4\fs22  with GNU-C++.
\par }{\f4\fs22\ul Linker Option:}{\f4\fs22  "-mdll" is used when invoking the linker.
\par 
\par }\pard \li284\nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 User defined Linker Options
\par }\pard \li284 {\f4\fs22\cf1 Specify here additional Linker Options. Use this line if you need some libraries linked together with your program. All available libraries you will find in the Directory \ldblquote Home Directory\\Lib\rdblquote 
 (see Directory Options). Library files usually (here with your GNU-C++ Compiler) have the extension \ldblquote .a\rdblquote  and their name starts with \ldblquote lib\rdblquote  (e.g. \ldblquote libgdi32.a\rdblquote , \ldblquote libopengl.a\rdblquote 
, ...). If you want to link a library with your program, use \ldblquote -l\rdblquote  instead of \ldblquote lib\rdblquote  an do not write the \ldblquote .a\rdblquote  extension type in the }{\b\i\f4\fs22\cf1 User defined Linker Options}{\f4\fs22\cf1 
 field.
\par Example: You want to create a program which uses the OpenGL library. The correct library file would be: \ldblquote libopengl.a\rdblquote , all you have to do is write the option: \ldblquote -lopengl\rdblquote  into the field }{\b\i\f4\fs22\cf1 
User defined Linker Options}{\f4\fs22\cf1 .
\par }\pard \keepn {\f4\cf1 \page }{\cs22\b\i\f4\cf1\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super #} DLL}${\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super $} Using and Creating Dynamic Link Libraries}K{\footnote 
\pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super K} Using and Creating Dynamic Link Libraries}}{\b\i\f4\cf1 
\par }{\b\f4\fs40\cf1 Using and creating Dynamic Link Libraries
\par }\pard {\f4\cf1 
\par 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 How can you create a DLL?
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par First create a new project which includes at least a source file and a definition file (.def). Compile and link your project after making sure that the correct }{\strike\f4\fs22\cf1 Linker Option}{\v\f4\fs22\cf1 Linker_Options}{\f4\fs22\cf1 
 was chosen. If you did not make any errors you should now have a Dynamic Link Library (.dll) and a library file (.a).
\par 
\par Have a look at this small example:
\par 
\par }{\f11\fs22\ul\cf1 Source File:}{\f11\fs22\cf1  foo.c
\par 
\par int Double (int a) \{ return (a*2); \}
\par 
\par }{\f11\fs22\ul\cf1 Definition File:}{\f11\fs22\cf1  foo.def
\par 
\par EXPORTS
\par Double
\par }{\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par Compiling and linking will create a DLL: }{\i\f4\fs22\cf1 foo.dll}{\f4\fs22\cf1  and the library }{\i\f4\fs22\cf1 foo.a}{\f4\fs22\cf1 .
\par 
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\b\f4\fs22 How can you use this DLL in your programs?
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22\cf1 
\par Open a new project and make sure, that the DLL and the library are in the same directory. Compile and link the project like a normal Console or GUI program (see }{\strike\f4\fs22\cf1 Linker Option}{\v\f4\fs22\cf1 Linker_Options}{\f4\fs22\cf1 
 for details).
\par 
\par Let\rquote s finish our small example. We willl write now a small program which uses our DLL.
\par 
\par }{\f11\fs22\ul Source File:}{\f11\fs22  dlltest.c 
\par 
\par int main () \{ printf (\rdblquote Double(5)=\rdblquote , double(5)); \}
\par }{\fs22 
\par }{\f4\fs22 Make sure that the files }{\i\f4\fs22 dlltest.a}{\f4\fs22  and }{\i\f4\fs22 dlltest.dll}{\f4\fs22  are in the project directory. Include the file }{\i\f4\fs22 dlltest.a}{\f4\fs22  into the project, compile an link the project like a \ldblquote 
normal\rdblquote  project. This will create an executable which uses the DLL }{\i\f4\fs22 foo.dll.
\par }{\i\f4 
\par }\pard \keepn {\i\f4 \page }{\cs22\i\f4\super #{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super #} Error}${\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 {\cs22\super $} Known Errors and Limitations}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s21\nowidctlpar 
\f7\fs20 {\cs22\super K} Known Errors and Limitations}}{\i\f4  
\par }{\b\f4\fs40 Known Errors and Limitations
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par }{\b\f4\fs22 General
\par }{\f4\fs22 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\tx284{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnb0\pni0\pnf1\pnfs20\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\f4\fs22 
All of your source files have to be in your project directory. Errors will be the result if they have another location than the project directory, because the compiler can\rquote t find them.
\par }\pard \fi-283\li283\tx284 {\f4\fs22 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\tx284{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnb0\pni0\pnf1\pnfs20\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\f4\fs22 Don\rquote t use spaces within your source file names. Spaces ar
e used to seperate linker and compiler options and to specify different filenames for linking and compiling.
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par }{\b\f4\fs22 Resources
\par }{\f4\fs22 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\tx284{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnb0\pni0\pnf1\pnfs20\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\f4\fs22 
Support only for .RC - resources. .RES files have to be converted to .RC if you want to use them.
\par }\pard \fi-283\li283\tx284 {\f4\fs22 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-283\li283\tx284{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnb0\pni0\pnf1\pnfs20\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\f4\fs22 .RC files are compiled by the resource-compiler \ldblquote windres\rdblquote 
. Errors message can\rquote t be shown if there\rquote s an error within your resource. You\rquote ll get a message saying there is an error, but not the exact location of it.
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22 
\par 
\par }{\b\f4\fs22 DLL generation and usage
\par }{\f4\fs22 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-283\li284\tx284{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnb0\pni0\pnf1\pnfs20\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\f4\fs22 
If your target type is a DLL, there must be a .DEF-file within your project. Otherwise an error will be created, doesn\rquote t matter if the .DEF file exists or not.
\par }\pard \fi-283\li284\tx284 {\f4\fs22 
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\f1\fs20\lang1033 \'b7\tab}}\pard \fi-283\li284\tx284{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\pnb0\pni0\pnf1\pnfs20\pnstart1\pnindent283\pnhang{\pntxtb \'b7}}{\f4\fs22 It is only possible to create }{\b\f4\fs22 non-relocatable}{\f4\fs22  DLL\rquote 
s. You might get a error message under Windows 95 saying: \ldblquote }{\i\f4\fs22 foo.dll can\rquote t load at the desired address, and is not relocatable. Contact your vendor to get...}{\f4\fs22 \rdblquote . You have to add the Option \ldblquote 
--image-base=0x0800000\rdblquote  to the Linker Options where the number is a free memory address that\rquote s free on your computer.
\par }\pard {\f4\fs22 
\par }}